change: logos and names (#4778)
greenbone/gsa: README.md

![Greenbone Logo](https://www.greenbone.net/wp-content/uploads/gb_new-logo_horizontal_rgb_small.png)

> # OPENVAS SCAN <!-- omit in toc -->

Reviewer: I think we will still call it Greenbone Security Assistant as our team "product.
```suggestion
# Greenbone Security Assistant <!-- omit in toc -->
```

[![GitHub releases](https://img.shields.io/github/release/greenbone/gsa.svg)](https://github.com/greenbone/gsa/releases)
[![code test coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/greenbone/gsa/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/greenbone/gsa)
[![Build and test JS](https://github.com/greenbone/gsa/actions/workflows/ci-js.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/greenbone/gsa/actions/workflows/ci-js.yml?query=branch%3Amain++)

> The OPENVAS SCAN is the web interface developed for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Greenbone Security Assistant is the web interface developed for the
```
